hi guys in this video I'll show you is
the beating of our wound and I haven't
shown this fight before I was actually
having some trouble finding him with
Issa so this is the method you need to
start meatiest with Issa and fight the
first titan and then after that fight
you tap on the observatory to get to
Bowen and thanks to our majesty of epic
games form and the players Pantheon for
letting me know that tip and so you need
to fight two Titans before you meet
Bowen and here's my build for the boss
fight I used the turian with two bonus
combo - one gems my rare attack - time
break three gems a perfect post dungeon
and for my mage build a rare magic gem a
magic helm shop magic and on bonus combo
charge magic gems and I had three at ten
percents so you'll see Bowen was over
94,000 and the way I use this build was
to charge my magic with bonus combos and
I showed how that works in my last video
so I thought I'd show it in action here
and it's really handy to use to charge
her magic and I had a level 35 shock
magic ring with the rare magic attack
and the magic helm which gave me 481
shock which makes about 700,000 or over
damage for each shot
spell so that way I was able to cut them
down fast even though you might notice I
didn't have my dark fire so my dark fire
is in the fuse so I did have my merit at
gem but I was relying on paying as a
mage as well as normal attack I find
this an effective strategy against
bosses when I'm fusing my dark fire so I
used the magic quite a lot and shock is
the highest magic damage it gives you
one and a half times the magic amount so
that's why it would be about 700,000 for
481 damage magic and holy is the least
amount of damage and incinerate is
higher than holy but shock is the
highest and so I like to have a high
shock ring for both characters and use
that against the bosses and you can see
I'm really going into rollin here and it
does help definitely to have that high
rare attack as well and sometimes I use
more Titan rage gems and mainly go for
parry breaks and that way I can
sometimes cast magic twice in one parry
brain however with this build I had the
rare magic and magic helm so I didn't
have as many
titin great gems however that didn't
stop me as your c-level 94,000 bar one
is down and that was pretty quick and I
love to see the broken moon afterwards
which is pretty awesome site and check
out the description under this video
from my silas microphone and also my
guide to Valen step backs thanks for
watching tamil channel your favorite
channel who infinity blade if you
enjoyed the video please like comment
and subscribe and check out my website
and social pages thanks see you next
time